Upsy-daisy.
Uh, keys, keys...
There we go.
Up we go.
Whoa! Ugh!
Man...
There we go.
That's off.
And the other.
Ah, delish!
Huh?
Oh, yeah, was I supposed to ask Makima something?
Meh, whatever.
Huh?
Water. Water.
Oh?
Den-Den-Denji?
What are you doing at my place?
Oh, did I bring you here?
Huh?
My head is spinning.
What the hell?
So, you're in love with Makima, aren't you?
My head is spinning.
Give up on that bitch.
Geez.
Aki should, too.
He's so lovestruck.
Geez!
Geez! Horndogs!
Wanna do it?
D-Do what?
Sexual intercourse.
Arms up!
Okay.
Good boy.
Should I do it?
My first kiss was supposed to be with Makima.
Good boy.
But this woman tainted it with puke.
Do I really want my first time to be with her?
Yes!
There, there.
Let's take off everything down here, too.
Oh?
Huh?
There's something in your pocket.
A Chupa Chups?
That's so gross.
Ah!
Denji. Denji!
Denji, are you okay?
Let's get you some fresh air.
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
Fu
ji
mo
to
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
I got you some hangover medicine
at the supermarket.
Take it with water before sleep.
Makima.
to
I...
mo
to
had a really shitty first kiss.
mo
to
Am I always going to think of the taste of puke now,
mo
any time I kiss anybody?
Open your mouth.
mo
to
You'll probably never forget the taste of puke.
But don't worry.
You're going to experience your first tastes
of so many other things, too.
Fu
ji
mo
to
You won't have the time
to think back to the taste of puke.
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
Fu
ji
mo
to
So here, your first indirect kiss
tastes like cola-flavored Chupa Chups.
Sorry, Pochita.
You wanted to have sex too, right?
But I want my first time to be with Makima.
So first, I have to kill the Gun Devil.
Then...
Denji.
Good morning.
Do you feel like breakfast?
Food tastes great when
you're looking down at people, huh?
Denji,
I was drunk last night and don't remember anything.
Could it be that I forced myself on you?
Like I'd do it with a puke-woman like you!
Plus, I'm set on my first time being with Makima.
Oh, that's good. I'm relieved.
I'd get arrested if I'd seduced a minor.
You're pretty unusual, Denji.
A normal person would feel awkward
and leave right away.
Huh?!
Why would I leave if I can have free food?
So, do you love Makima?
Super love her!
Even if her personality turns out to be shit?
Love her a shitload!
Right!
Then how about I help you two get together?
What?! Seriously? Wow!
Totally serious.
Okay, Denji, let's form a super-secret alliance.
I'll help you get together with Makima,
and you help me get together with Aki.
What do you even like about him?
His face.
I see.
Alright! I'm in!
Alliance formed!
Alright, then from today on, let's treat each other
as friends, rather than senior and junior colleagues.
Come over for breakfast once in a while.
And bring fiend-girl and Aki with you.
Wonder if we can get Makima to come, too.
What time do we arrive in Kyoto, again?
In about 30 minutes.
Let's get station lunches, then.
You have a work lunch at 1 p.m.
Don't worry, I'll be hungry again by then.
I'm not very excited to talk to the Kyoto big shots.
They're all pretty scary.
And I prefer eating in a peaceful environment.
The booze last night was so good.
This is Team C. I repeat, Team C.
Commence.
MPD
What was that sound?
So foolish of you to not know.
It is the sound of a drum.
Is there a festival?
So, did the two of you truly not mate last night?
Denji is surprisingly gentlemanly.
I can't believe you put up with the ramen here.
It's pretty disgusting.
Who are you?
Seems pretty tasty to me.
Do not think you can simply speak to me!
I suppose you can't tell what the good stuff is.
I guess it's understandable, though.
They say if you don't get variety in your early years,
your palate never develops when you grow up.
And that then reduces
your overall sense of happiness.
I am rather happy!
Shall we leave?
My grandpa was the kindest man in the world.
He brought me to expensive places to eat good food.
He was a member of the yakuza.
But a virtuous one.
I suppose people like him
are what people call a necessary evil.
The number of women and children he killed
could be counted on one hand.
He'd buy me anything I wanted
with his drug money.
He was a true bearer of the Tokyo spirit,
and everyone liked him.
Denji, you liked him too, didn't you?
What are you trying to start here?
Do you know him?
The Gun Devil wants your heart.
Topknot!
Yip.
Hayakawa Aki.
You put something preposterous in my mouth.
Neither human, nor devil.
Power, stop Himeno's bleeding.
A spike?
Shoot!
Three.
Two.
Shoot!
One.
Getting tired of that weird thing.
Finish him, Curse!
Zero.
How's Himeno?!
A physician had best see to her soon.
He...
used a gun.
It should be impossible to get one in Japan
unless you're a policeman or a devil hunter.
The Gun Devil wants your heart.
First, we need to have Himeno treated!
The Curse Devil.
A certain number of stabs with its spike can kill anyone.
Is that how it works?
Those were some good moves back there.
Where did you show up from?
Are you working with that guy?
That... hurt.
That was your best attempt so far.
A cornered animal tries to work their brain.
Do more of that.
There are two reasons you lost.
First, Power used too much
of her blood and got anemic.
Second, you couldn't predict my attack.
You did well, so let's call it a day.
I'll go have a drink.
Pow,
he said we're done for the day.
That's nice.
Wh-What?
A beast shouldn't trust what a hunter says.
A contract with a strong devil
usually has some rather brutal terms.
Just to be clear, we're not having you do this out of malice.{TLC: This should be a question/confirmation kinda thing that's continued from the previous line. as in, "we're not forcing these brutal terms to bully you, okay?" kinda thing}
The moment you go back to work,
it'll be like throwing you into a lion's den.
You'll need a weapon you can defend yourself with.
Devils captured alive by the Bureau
get thrown in here.
We'll find a weapon for you in here.
On a completely different topic,
was the pretty girl from yesterday your girlfriend?
Why do you always go there?
Drop it.
She was my partner's younger sister.
Oh, my. Did she give you a good punch?
No.
She gave me some letters.
Letters?
These are the letters my sister sent me.
I thought you should read them, so I'm giving them to you.
I keep living a life where I might die every day.
Seriously, I feel like I'm about to die all the time.
I mean, the devils keep trying to kill us,
and the people around me keep dropping like flies.
I feel like my sensibilities are getting thrown off.
This is how I really feel.
And yet, here I am, still live and kicking.
It's thanks to my partner Aki being a really
stand-up guy. I'm not too worried about him.
The other day everyone at work got dead drunk
and was passed out, and I woke up at some
point and thought I'd be nice and go buy water
for everyone for when they got up.
Then I realized we'd forced Aki into getting his
ears pierced. Why, you may ask? Because we
always get dead drunk. He looked really
distressed about it. And he got angry when I
told him I didn't remember it happening.
He was really exasperated, but it actually
looked pretty good on him.
-
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Time passes so quickly.
How is Dad doing?
I was really surprised to hear that
-
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
don't need food.
I have money, so it's no problem.
I can eat good every day.
So you can stop sending me rice.
However, I'm grateful for the cigarettes.
They're a lot more expensive than food.
But I'm worried about Dad.
Lately he hasn't sent me any mail.
I'm very grateful,
but tell him to think of himself first.
Are you making sure he takes his meds?
Be very careful
-
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Still, he shouldn't be working here. He should
at least go private instead of being in the Bureau.
But how do I get Aki to quit?
He always shrugs it off whenever I
bring up the topic.
But I'm actually very serious about it.
-
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Still, he shouldn't be working here. He should
at least go private instead of being in the Bureau.
But how do I get Aki to quit?
He always shrugs it off whenever I
bring up the topic.
But I'm actually very serious about it.
-
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
The devil you are to contract is in this room.
It's the Future Devil.
There are two people in the Bureau who have a contract with him.
One gave over half of their lifetime.
The other gave both eyes,
plus their senses of smell and taste.
You might lose less if it takes a liking to you.
Go on in.